Feature/add logging to mangrove.js (#142)
mangrovedao/mangrove: packages/mangrove.js/README.md

TODO include transaction options (see here)[https://github.com/compound-finance/compound-js#transaction-options]

## Package configuration

> mangrove.js uses `config` package for its configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mangrove.js uses the [node-config](https://github.com/lorenwest/node-config) package for configuration.
```
